c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\bin\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xbf
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\bin\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xbf
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\bin\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xbf
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\bin\Debug\Main.xr.xml
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\bin\Debug\Main.exe
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\bin\Debug\Main.pdb
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\bin\Debug\Main.build.appxrecipe
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.cs
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xaml
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xbf
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xbf
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xbf
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\Main.exe
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\Main.pdb
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\Users\FredrikH\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\oving7-2\Main\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
